# ACGAN on CIFAR-10 Dataset
This project implements ACGAN (Auxiliary Classifier GAN) to generate realistic images and classify them using the CIFAR-10 dataset. The goal is to train a Discriminator and Generator where the Discriminator distinguishes between real and fake images while also classifying them into one of the 10 CIFAR-10 classes. The Generator creates fake images that resemble real CIFAR-10 images.

#### Project Structure
- Discriminator Class: Defines the architecture of the discriminator, which performs two tasks: classifying images as real or fake and predicting their class labels.

- Generator Class: Creates fake images that are intended to look like real CIFAR-10 images.

- Training Loop: Trains the Generator and Discriminator to improve both the image generation and classification accuracy.

- Visualization: Plots real and fake images for comparison during training.

#### Requirements
- Python 3.x
- PyTorch
- NumPy
- Matplotlib
- torchvision

#### Installation
- Clone the repository:

`git clone https://github.com/SarthakNikhal/GAN_Implementation_with_PyTorch.git`
`cd GAN_Implementation_with_PyTorch`

- Install the dependencies.

#### Dataset
The project uses the CIFAR-10 dataset, which contains 60,000 32x32 color images in 10 classes. The dataset is automatically downloaded when running the code.

#### Training the Model
To train the ACGAN model, run the notebook.

#### Visualizing Results
After training, the code will display both real and fake images to compare how well the model is performing. The real images come from the dataset, and the fake images are generated by the trained model.

#### Future Work
Implementing DCGAN and WGAN on the dataset to understand the difference between models and their results


